We propose to use MIRI MRS to observe four IR-bright quasars across
the full MRS wavelength range. We will deliver to the community
Science Enabling Products (SEPs) that will enable the accumulation,
reduction and timely analysis of MRS data, focusing on extra-galactic
science.

Our 4 quasars are all well detected in the WISE W3 and W4 bands, and
are thus very bright across 7.5-17um and 20-28um. They were first
identified via their optical-to-IR color, initially via the r-W4
color, refined to an i-W3 color selection and are in the SDSS/BOSS
quasar catalogs. As such, they have come to be know as ``Extremely Red
Quasars'' (ERQs).

We will observe four of these Extremely Red Quasars (ERQs) with the
MIRI Medium Resolution Spectrometer. All our targets are within 10
degrees of the Celestial Equator, and 3 out of our 4 targets are
within 2 degrees. Our targets are at approximately 08h30m, 12h30m,
22h15m and 23h25min, in Right Ascension. We will observe each target
for 19973 seconds in total, 12912 seconds of which are Science
exposure. We will cover the full wavelength range, so will observe in
the SHORT, MEDIUM and LONG modes of the MRS.

Taking advantage of the PI's host institution, and with continuing
consultation with the MIRI team, as well as acknowledging the rationale
of the ERS in general, we have decided to focus in on one instrument,
and one particular mode of that instrument, and make sure we deliver
to the (extragalactic) community the very best data tools,
observational preparation instructions and science enabling products
(SEPs). Our major documentation and notes are kept at::

github.com/d80b2t/JWST_ERS

with our Observing notes kept at::

https://github.com/d80b2t/JWST_ERS/tree/master/ETC_calcs

We encourage the Program Coordinators and Schedulers to investigate
these links.
